# SecurityPlus-SY0-601-Flashcards
Background: I'm a student in computer science studying for the CompTIA Security+ exam (version SYO-601) and decided to mix both into one by writing a python program to help me study. This is also more of a side-hobby and project I'm doing to help me learn both coding and Security+ a little better, not necessarily a full-time commitment. I will try to continually update it, it might just take a while for it to become what I want it to be.

Objective: This is meant to be a flashcard program to help me study for the Security+ exam, however, you can theoretically use it for any topic. I intende to make  it into a full GUI program eventually, although I'm mostly working on functionality of it for right now. This is a more personalized flashcard program as well,  so I'll likely be adding features I wish other programs had, such as "Biased Randomness", as I like to call it. While it sounds counter-intertuitive, by biased randomness I mean that, when testing yourself on the flashcards, less studied flashcards will be more likely to appear than those that you've studied recently or a lot. I'd also like to add a "Personal Rating" scale to it as well, so if it's a card you know by heart you won't see it for a long time, or if it's a card you study a lot and recently but just can't seem to remember, you can get it a lot more. These and many other features are ideally on the way. 

Setup: I don't know how to make it an .exe file or similar (for Linux systems), but I'm hoping to learn when I create the first official release. Until then, if you just run the flashcards.py file it'll work (as long as the other files are in the same folder).

Use: Once I get the first release done, i.e. v1.0, it'll probably still be a CLI, but you won't have to know any coding to be able to use it. Adding, deleting, and modifying cards (and possibly even modifying some settings) will all be available through the menu.  I often use "input()" to 'pause' the program. Hence, if nothing is happening or it's 'stuck' on a screen, it's likely just that you have to hit the ENTER key to continue, as the program is awaiting for the user to submit input. For more experienced users, if you want to modify your flashcards directly, you can modify the .json file. Just ensure that any added flashcards are in the "flashcards" list in the .json file, and that the same format is followed (order doesn't matter, but if you put "Q" instead of "Question" python won't be able to find it). 

